With the upcoming lessons we're going to be working through a number of exercises to build out and make
use of various web API.
And then pull that content through and use that within our application so you can see here.
Here's an example of one of the applications that we're going to be building out.
It uses a quiz database.
It connects to the database and we generate all of the stuff here dynamically with Javascript.
So that includes these buttons here for the answers which give us the ability to click and detect if
it was right or wrong.
Also load additional questions and continue and we're also keeping track score with correct and wrong
answers.
So it's connected to a database that continuously loads more different questions and we've got categories
for questions type of questions booleans multiple choice and also then of course the question and then
we've got the correct answer.
So this is coming into the console and we've done a little bit of styling to make it more presentable.
So this is just one of the many API that are available online.
And to truly become familiar with API is it's a great opportunity to work with them.
Try it for yourself.
Bring the content into your javascript and put it within the page within an application type format.
So it's going to be a great learning experience to find out more about what Ajax can do and how to work
with Jaison data that gets returned back from these various API.
And making use of it within your web applications.
We're also going to look at a few other API and work through various challenges that developers will
have working with Ajax in Javascript.
So all of this is coming up soon when you're ready let's jump right in and start building out this application
from scratch.